Ah, Jiang Yu still took the dog and Chen Lin out
Go on like this
He will be attracted to him again
Ok aunt
You came back after writing the ring
The meal is ready.
Let's sit down
Xiaoyu heard
You took Chen Lin and the dog out today
Don't call me Xiaoyu
We don't know each other that well
It's Xiaojia
Because I'm too busy.
I can't find the right person for a while
Right at Chen Lin
I went to try the scenery of the wedding dress for the lineup
Yes!
Aunt Wang Yuan, haven't I just been promoted recently?
Too busy!
So there are lovers
But I will also marry into your family in the future
This Chen Lin has always lived here
Isn't it a little too eyesore?
It's a good opportunity to test it
Jiang Yu's current attitude towards Chen Ling
In my opinion, I might as well sell the dog
Let's see what Chen Ling will do in the future
Everyone is familiar with
Do you think so?
This is too Chen Ling
If so
How else can I torture him?
What do you want?
Song Chenglin goes abroad
Leave Guoguo at the neighbor's house
This will make him truly ordinary
How did it go?
Are you satisfied?